# Presentation (all) 
1. 岡崎淳史, 数理科学が描く古気候の風景, 数学と諸分野の連携に向けた若手数学者交流会, 東京, 11-12 Mar, 2024.
2. Cauquoin, A., Gusyev, M., Komuro, Y., Bong, H., Okazaki, A., and Yoshimura, K., Simulation of tritium releases into the atmosphere during the Fukushima accident and into the ocean due to planned discharge of treated water, The 10th Annual Symposium of the IER, Fukushima University, Fukushima, 29 Feb. 2024.
3. 三好建正, 大石俊, Jianyu Liang, Rakesh Teja Konduru, 大塚成徳, Michael Goodliff, 小槻峻司, 寺崎康児, 岡﨑淳史, 富田浩文, 金丸佳矢, 佐藤正樹, 松岸修平, 八代尚, 岡本幸三, 久保田拓志, 可知美佐子, Eugenia Kalnay, 雲・降水・海洋の衛星データ同化の高度化と応用, GPMおよび衛星シミュレータ合同研究集会, Nagoya, Mar. 7-8, 2024.
4. Miyoshi, T., Ohishi, S., Liang, J., Konduru, R., Otsuka, S., Kotsuki, S., Terasaki, K., Okazaki, A., Tomita, H., Chen, Y.-W., Kanemaru, K., Satoh, M., Yashiro, H., Okamoto, K., Kalnay, E., Kubota, T., Kachi, M., Advances and applications of satellite data assimilation of clouds, precipitation, and the ocean, AMS 104th Annual Meeting, Baltimore, MD, USA, 28 Jan-1 Feb.
5. Tiwari, G. and Okazaki, A., An approach for constructing the large-member ensemble using multiple parameterization schemes for typhoon research, AMS 104th Annual Meeting, Baltimore, MD, USA, 28 Jan-1 Feb.
6. Miyoshi, T., Ohishi, S., Liang, J., Konduru, R., Otsuka, S., Kotsuki, S., Terasaki, K., Okazaki, A., Tomita, H., Chen, Y.-W., Kanemaru, K., Satoh, M., Yashiro, H., Okamoto, K., Kalnay, E., Kubota, T., Kachi, M., Advances and applications of satellite data assimilation of clouds, precipitation, and the ocean, AGU Annual Meeting 2023, San Francisco, CA, USA, 11-15 December 2023.
7. Okazaki, A., Li, Y., Kino, K., Cauquoin, A., Yoshimura, K., Evaluation of a newly developed isotope-enabled AGCM MIROC6-iso under the present climate, AGU Annual Meeting 2023, San Francisco, CA, USA, 11-15 December 2023.
8. Okazaki, A. and Tiwari, G., For the generation of large-member ensemble with multi-combination of parameterized schemes: A study for typhoon case, AGU Annual Meeting 2023, San Francisco, CA, USA, 11-15 December 2023.
9. McKinney, M. and Okazaki, A., An Intercomparison of Last Millennium Paleoclimate Reconstructions Representing a Variety of Data Assimilation Methods, AGU Annual Meeting 2023, San Francisco, CA, USA, 11-15 December 2023.
10. Miyoshi, T., Ohishi, S., Liang, J., Konduru, R., Otsuka, S., Kotsuki, S., Terasaki, K., Okazaki, A., Tomita, H., Chen, Y.-W., Kanemaru, K., Satoh, M., Yashiro, H., Okamoto, K., Kalnay, E., Kubota, T., Kachi, M., Advances and applications of satellite data assimilation of clouds, precipitation, and the ocean, AOGS2023, 30 Jul-4 Aug 2023.
11. Miyoshi, T., Ohishi, S., Liang, J., Konduru, R., Otsuka, S., Kotsuki, S., Terasaki, K., Okazaki, A., Tomita, H., Chen, Y.-W., Kanemaru, K., Satoh, M., Yashiro, H., Okamoto, K., Kalnay, E., Kubota, T., Kachi, M., Advances and applications of satellite data assimilation of clouds, precipitation, and the ocean, JpGU Meeting 2023, Chiba, Japan, 21-26 May 2023.
12. Miyoshi, T., Ohishi, S., Otsuka, S., Taylor, J., Liang, J., Konduru, R. T., Terasaki, K., Kotsuki, S., Honda, T., Okazaki, A., Experimental platform for design and advance evaluation of frequent satellite observations to innovate weather, ocean and land surface prediction, JpGU Meeting 2023, Chiba, Japan, 21-26 May 2023.
13. Okazaki, A., Kotsuki, S., Carrio, D., Yoshimura, K., Climate reconstruction with observation errors estimated by innovation statistics, JpGU Meeting 2023, Chiba, Japan, 21-26 May 2023. <html><font color='deeppink'><i>(Invited poster)</i></font></html>
14. Okazaki, A., Tanoue, M., Kino, K., Cauquoin, A., Yoshimura, K., Estimation of parameters in an isotope-enabled GCM with data assimilation, JpGU Meeting 2023, Chiba, Japan, 21-26 May 2023.
15. Hamamoto, S. et al., Seasonally Resolved Age Scale for Greenland SE-Dome II Ice Core Based on Oxygen Isotope Record, JpGU Meeting 2023, Chiba, Japan, 21-26 May 2023.
16. Bong, H., Cauquoin, A., Okazaki, A., Chang, E.-C., Werner. M., Wei, Z., Yao, N., Yoshimura, K., PROCESS-BASED QUANTIFICATION OF UNCERTAINTY IN WATER ISOTOPE MODELS, International Symposium on Isotope Hydrology, 2023.
17. Cauquoin, A. Fourre, E., Landaiss, A., Okazaki, A., Yoshimura, K., Implementation of tritium in the Atmospheric General Circulation Model MIROC5-iso to investigate the dynamics of the hydrological cycle, International Symposium on Isotope Hydrology, 2023.
18. Kino, K., Cauquoin, A., Okazaki, A., Yoshimura, K., Heavy Water Isotope Precipitation in Inland East Antarctica Accompanied by Strong Southern Westerly Winds during the Last Glacial Maximum, EGU General Assembly 2023, Vienna, Austria, 23-28 April 2023.
19. 小澤泰樹、丸谷靖幸、本田博之、矢野真一郎、渡部哲史、中下慎也、岡崎淳史「衛星データを用いたため池における水草の有無の推定手法の開発に向けた基礎的検討」、土木学会西部支部研究発表会、熊本、2023年3月4日
20. Okazaki, A., Kotsuki, S., DieCarrio, D., Yoshimura, K., Observation Error Estimation in Climate Proxies with Data Assimilation and Innovation Statistics, AGU Fall Meeting 2022, Chicago, IL, 15 Dec 2022.
21. Bong, H., Cauquoin, A., Okazaki, A., Chang, E.-C., Werner, M., Wei, Z., Yeo, N. and Yoshimura, K., Inter-comparison of Water Isotope-enabled Models and Reanalysis Nudging Effects, AGU Fall Meeting 2022, Chicago, IL, 13 Dec 2022.
22. Kino, K., Okazaki, A., Cauquoin, A. and Yoshimura, Y,, Contribution of the Southern Annular Mode to Variations in Water Isotopes of Daily Precipitation at Dome Fuji, East Antarctica – Study of An Isotope-Enabled Climate Model, MIROC5-iso, AGU Fall Meeting 2022, Chicago, IL, 13 Dec 2022.
23. Okazaki, A., Observation Error Estimation for Climate Proxies with Innovation Statistics, DA Seminar, RIKEN R-CCS, Kobe, Japan, 14 Nov. 2022. <html><font color='deeppink'><i>(Invited)</i></font></html>
24. Kino, K., Okazaki, A., Cauquoin, A., Yoshimura, K., Contribution of the Southern Annular Mode to Variations in Water Isotopes of Daily Precipitation at Dome Fuji, East  Antarctica, 3rd IPICS Open Science Conference, 3rd IPICS Open Science Conference, Crans-Montana, Switzerland, 2-7 Oct. 2022.
25. Okazaki, A. and Yoshimura, K., Paleoclimate Reconstruction with Isotope-Enabled GCM and Proxy System Models, IsoNet 2022, Virtual Seminar, 6 Oct. 2022.<html><font color='deeppink'><i>(Invited)</i></font></html>
26. 岡崎淳史、データ同化とイノベーション統計を用いた古気候復元と気候プロキシに含まれる誤差の推定、日本地球化学第69回年会、高知、7-9 Sep 2022. <html><font color='deeppink'><i>(Invited)</i></font></html>
27. 小槻峻司、Mao Ouyang、岡崎淳史、徳田慶太、小林亮太、小蔵正輝、薄良彦、稲村友彦、岡本幸三、気象制御の実現に向けた制御容易性・被害低減効果の定量化に関する初期検討、水文・水資源学会／日本水文科学会　2022年度研究発表会、 2022年9月.
28. Miyoshi, T., Wu, T.-C., Terasaki, K., Liang, J., Ohishi, S., Otsuka, S., Kotsuki, S., Okazaki, S., Tomita, H., Chen, Y-W., Kanemaru, K., Satoh, M., Yashiro, H.,  Okamoto, K., Kalnay, E., Kubota, T., Kachi, M., Advances and applications of satellite data assimilation of clouds, precipitation, and the ocean, JpGU2022, May 2022.
29. Cauquoin, A., Werner, M., Shoji, S., Okazaki, A., Yoshimura, K., Lohmann, G., and Jungclaus, J., Transient simulation of the past 2000 years with the isotope-enabled coupled model MPI-ESM-wiso, JpGU2022, May 2022.
30. Kino, K., Okazaki, A., Cauquoin, A., Yoshimura, K., Impacts of Intermittent Precipitation Events on Reconstructed Last Glacial Maximum Surface Temperature from Water Isotope Signals in Dome Fuji Ice Cores, JpGU2022, May 2022.
31. Okazaki, A., Cauquoin, A., Kino, K., Yoshimura, K., Development of MIROC5-iso and its comparison with isotopic climate proxies, Water isotopes: From Weather to Climate, 15-18 Nov. 2021.
32. Cauquoin, A., Werner, M., Shoji, S., Okazaki, A., Yoshimura, K., Lohmann, G., Jungclaus, J., Transient simulation of the past 2000 years with the isotope-enabled coupled model MPI-ESM-wiso, Water isotopes: From Weather to Climate, 15-18 Nov. 2021.
33. Kino, K., Okazaki, A., Cauquioin, A., Yoshimura, K., Contribution of the Southern Annular Mode to variations in water isotopes of daily precipitation at Dome Fuji, East Antarctica: A study with an isotope-enabled AGCM MIROC5-iso, Water isotopes: From Weather to Climate, 15-18 Nov. 2021.
34. Shoji, S., Okazaki, A., Yoshimura, K., Data assimilation using oxygen isotope ratios of proxies aimed at the last millennium climate reconstruction, Water isotopes: From Weather to Climate, 15-18 Nov. 2021.
35. Taylor, J., Okazaki, A., Honda, T., Yamaji, M., Kotsuki, S., Kubota, T., Iguchi, T., Oki, R., Miyoshi, T., Oversampling Reflectivity Observations From A Geostationary Precipitation Radar Satellite: Impact To Typhoon Forecasts Within A Perfect Model OSSE Framework, AOGS2021 Virtual, 18th Annual Meeting, 01-06 Aug. 2021.
36. Kabayama, O., Okazaki, A., and Kotsuki, S., Data-assimilation-based Estimation of Infectivity Parameter of COVID-19 Epidemic Model and its Relation to NO2 satellite observation, JpGU2021, 5 Jun. 2021.
37. Okazaki, A. and Yoshimura, K., Evaluation of proxy system models for stable water isotopes and introduction of their application to paleoclimate studies, JpGU2021, 4 Jun. 2021. <html><font color='deeppink'><i>(Invited)</i></font></html>
38. 木野佳音、岡崎淳史、Alexandre Cauquoin、芳村圭、ドームふじ基地の日降水同位体比に大規模大気循環が与える影響: 同位体気候モデルMIROC5-isoを用いた研究、JpGU2021, 3 June 2021.
39. 三好建正、寺崎康児、小槻峻司、大塚成徳、本田匠、高玉孝平、岡﨑淳史、気象・海洋・陸面予測を革新する高頻度衛星観測網の設計事前評価プラットフォーム、JpGU2021, 4 June 2021.
40. Okazaki, A., Miyoshi, T., Yoshimura, K., Greybush, S. J., and Zhang, F., Exploring online data assimilation for paleoclimate reconstruction using an idealized OSSE framework, AMS 101st Annual Meeting, 10-15 January 2021.
41. Kino, K., Okazaki, A., Cauquoin, A., Yoshimura, K., LGM simulation with MIROC5-iso and impacts of the Southern Annular Mode on stable water isotopes in the Antarctic ice cores, PMIP2020, 26-30 October, 2020.
42. Taylor, J., Okazaki, A., Yamaji, M., Kubota, T., Miyoshi, T., Evaluating the Sensitivity of Precipitation Radar Observations from a Geostationary Satellite on Typhoon Forecasts, AOGS 2020, Hongcheon, South Korea, 28 Jun - 4 Jul, 2020.
43. Kanon Kino, Atsushi Okazaki, Alexandre Cauquoin and Kei Yoshimura, Investigation of the response of water isotope records to the changes in orbital forcing with the isotope-enabled AGCM MIROC5-iso, EGU General Assembly 2020, 4-8 May 2020.
44. Okazaki, A., Honda, T., Kotsuki, S., Taylor, J., Miyoshi, T., Impact assessment of Next Generation Rainfall Measuring Satellite on NWP: An Observation System Simulation Experiment for a typhoon case, 39th International Conference on Radar Meteorology, Nara, Japan, Sep 16-20 2019.
45. Okazaki, A., Miyoshi, T., Yoshimura, K., Zhang, F., Iterative-DA for paleoclimate reconstruction, Data Assimilation, Reanalyses and Proxy System Modeling in Paleoenvironmental Science, College Park, MD, May 29-31 2019.
46. Shoji, S., Okazaki, A., Yoshimura, K., Study on proxy data assimilation aimed at climate reconstruction for the last millennium, EGU General Assembly 2019, Vienna, Austria, Apr. 7-12 2019.
47. 岡崎淳史、本田匠、小槻峻司、三好建正、次世代静止衛星搭載降水レーダ反射強度の観測システムシミュレーション実験、日本気象学会2019年度春季大会、2019年5月17日、東京
48. 岡崎淳史、本田匠、小槻峻司、James Taylor、三好建正、静止衛星による降水観測が台風予測に与えるインパクト評価、データ同化手法を活用した観測システムの影響評価に関する研究会、2019年4月18－19日、JAMSTEC横浜研究所
49. 中村晋一郎、岡崎淳史、木村匡臣、土井祥子、西原是良、山崎大、渡部哲史、水文・水資源学会研究グループ「社会水文学の我が国での推進に向けた可能性研究」、水文水資源学会　2019年度研究発表会，千葉.
50. Okazaki, A., Honda, T., Kotsuki, S., Miyoshi, T., Precipitation radar data assimilation with an ensemble Kalman filter: an observing system simulation experiment for a typhoon case, ADAPT seminar, PSU, PA, US, Mar 29 2019. <html><font color='deeppink'><i>(invited)</i></font></html>
51. Okazaki, A., Honda, T., Kotsuki, S., Miyoshi, T., Precipitation radar data assimilation with an ensemble Kalman filter: an observing system simulation experiment for a typhoon case, The 7th International Symposium on Data Assimilation, Kobe, Japan, Jan 21-24 2019.
52. Okazaki, A., Miyoshi, T., Yoshimura, K., Zhang, F., Paleoclimate Reconstruction with Iterative Data Assimilation: An Observing System Simulation Experiment with an Intermediate AGCM, The 7th International Symposium on Data Assimilation, Kobe, Japan, Jan 21-24 2019. (poster)
53. Okazaki, A., Miyoshi, T., Yoshimura, K., and Zhang, F.: “An online data assimilation method to assimilate time-averaged observations”, AGU 2018 Fall Meeting, Washington DC, US, Dec. 10-14, 2018. (poster)
54. Okazaki, A., Miyoshi, T., and Yoshimura, K.: “Millennium reanalysis using proxy and data assimilation”, The 11th International Atmospheric Circulation Reconstructions over the Earth (ACRE) Meeting, Tokyo Metropolitan University, Nov. 12-16, 2018. (poster)
55. Okazaki, A., Honda, T., Kotsuki, S., and Miyoshi, T.: “Dense precipitation radar data assimilation with an ensemble Kalman filter: an observing system simulation experiment for a typhoon case”, 5th International Workshop on Nonhydrostatic Models, Tokyo, Nov. 14-16, 2018. (poster)
56. 岡﨑淳史、本田匠、小槻峻司、三好建正、台風を対象とした高密度降水レーダ反射強度の観測システムシミュレーション実験、日本気象学会秋季大会、2018年10月29日-11月1日、仙台
57. 2018 May, Okazaki, A., Miyoshi, T., Yoshimura, K., Zhang, F., Toward online data assimilation for the millennium reanalysis, A-CC29, JpGU 2018, Makuhari, Chiba, Japan, May 20-24 2018. <html><font color='deeppink'><i>(invited)</i></font></html>
58. 2018 May, Okazaki, A., Honda, T., Kotsuki, S., Miyoshi, T., Dense precipitation radar data assimilation: an observing system simulation, A-AS01, JpGU 2018, Makuhari, Chiba, Japan, May 20-24 2018. (poster)
59. 2018 May, Okazaki, A., Miyoshi, T., Yoshimura, K., Zhang, F., Exploring online data assimilation for paleoclimate reconstruction using an idealized OSSE framework, The 8th EnKF Data Assimilation Workshop, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, May 7-10 2018.
60. 2018 May, Okazaki, A., Honda, T., Kotsuki, S., Miyoshi, T., Dense precipitation radar data assimilation experiment for a typhoon case, The 8th EnKF Data Assimilation Workshop, Montreal, Quebec, Canada, May 7-10 2018.
61. 2018 Jan, Okazaki, A., Miyoshi, T., Yoshimura, K., and Zhang, F., Exploring online data assimilation for paleoclimate reconstruction using an idealized OSSE framework,  Third Symposium on Multi-scale Predictability: Data-model Integration and Uncertainty Quantification for Climate and Earth System Monitoring and Prediction (the 98th Annual Meeting), Austin, TX, US, January 7-11 2018.
62. 2017 Oct., Okazaki, A, Yoshimura, K., and Miyoshi, T., Evaluation​ ​of​ ​an​ ​isotopic​ ​proxy​ ​data​ ​assimilation​ ​system, Third Annual LMR Workshop: Climate​ ​Dynamics​ ​with​ ​the​ ​Last​ ​Millennium​ ​Reanalysis, NCAR, Boulder, CO, US, October 2-3, 2017.
63. 2017 Aug, Okazaki, A., Honda, T., Kotsuki, S., Yamaji, M., Kubota, T., Oki, R., Iguchi, T., Miyoshi, T., Simulating a precipitation radar onboard a geostationary satellite, AMS 38th Conference on Radar Meteorology, 28 Aug.- 1 Sep. 2017, Chicago, IL, US.
64. 2017 May, Atsushi Okazaki, Development and evaluation of isotopic proxy data assimilation system, First workshop of the PAGES working group on Paleoclimate Reanalyses, Data Assimilation and Proxy System modelling (DAPS), Louvain-la-Neuve, Belgium, 29 May-1 Jun 2017. <html><font color='deeppink'><i>(invited)</i></font></html>
65. 2017 May, 岡﨑淳史, 本田匠, 小槻峻司, 三好建正, 高密度降水レーダ反射強度の観測システムシミュレーション実験, 日本気象学会2017年度春季大会, 東京, 日本, 25-28 May, 2017.
66. 2017 May, Yoshimura, K., Okazaki, A., and Neluwala, P., Challenges for millennium reanalysis, JpGU-AGU Joint Meeting 2017, Makuhari, Japan, 20-25 May, 2017. <html><font color='deeppink'><i>(invited)</i></font></html>
67. 2017 May, Okazaki, A., K. Yoshimura, and T. Miyoshi, Application of data assimilation to paleoclimate, JpGU-AGU Joint Meeting 2017, Makuhari, Japan, 20-25 May, 2017.
68. 2017 May, Okazaki, A., Honda, T., Kotsuki, S., and Miyoshi, T., Data assimilation of dense precipitation radar, JpGU-AGU Joint Meeting 2017, Makuhari, Japan, 20-25 May, 2017.
69. 2017 Mar., Okazaki, A., K. Yoshimura, and T. Miyoshi, Review and development of data assimilation for paleoclimate, RISDA2017, Kobe, Japan, Feb. 27-Mar. 2 2017.
70. 2017 Feb., Okazaki, A., K. Yoshimura, and T. Miyoshi, Data assimilation in paleoclimate, The 7th AICS International Symposium, Kobe, Japan,  Feb. 23-24 2017.
71. 2016 Oct., Meteo. Soc. Japan.
72. 2016 Oct., Okazaki, A., Basics of data assimilation and its application to paleoclimate, Kongju National University, Gongju, Korea, 17-21 Oct., 2016. <html><font color='deeppink'><i>(invited)</i></font></html>
73. 2016 Apr., A. Okazaki, K. Yoshimura, Evaluation of a proxy model for isotope in tree-ring cellulose and its application, IsoEcol2016, Tokyo, Japan, 4-8 Apr. 2016.
74. 2016 Mar., A. Okazaki, Toward the assimilation of climate proxy data, Joint US-Japan Workshop on Climate Change and Variability, San Diego, US, 21-22 March 2016.
75. 2016 Mar., A. Okazaki, K. Yoshimura, The evaluation of mechanical model for isotope ratio in tree ring cellulose toward reconstruction of long-term Asian monsoon rainfall, The International Science Conference on MAHASRI, Tokyo, Japan, 2-4 Mar. 2016.
76. 2014 Dec., Atsushi Okazaki, Kei Yoshimura, PP31D-1179, Time slice simulation for LIA and MCA with stable water isotopes and comparison with modern situation, AGU Fall Meeting 2014, San Francisco, 2014/12/17.
77. 2014 Sep., 岡崎淳史，芳村圭，同位体大循環モデルの開発とその同位体境界条件への応答，水文水資源学会　2014年度研究発表会，宮崎．
78. 2013 Dec., Z. Wei, H. Maeda, A. Okazaki, K. Noda, M. Kiguchi, M. Koike, W. Kim, M. Yokoi, K. Yoshimura, High-frequency water vapor isotope measurements with a laser spectrometer in a paddy field during growing season and application for evapotranspiration partitioning, B21A-0456, AGU Fall meeting 2013, San Francisco, US.
79. 2013 Dec., A. Okazaki, Y. Satoh, G. Tremoy, F. Vimeux, and K. Yoshimura, Interannual variation of vapor isotope in West Africa and its relation to ENSO, A11G-0135, AGU Fall meeting 2013, San Francisco, US.
80. 2013 Nov., 前田英俊，魏忠旺，岡崎淳史，乃田啓吾，木口雅司，小池雅洋，金元植，芳村圭，レーザー分光計を用いた水田状の連続高頻度水蒸気同位体比測定，2013年気象学会秋季大会，仙台.
81. 2013 Oct., A. Okazaki, Y. Satoh, G. Tremoy, F. Vimeux, and K. Yoshimura, Interannual variability of delt-18O of water vapor in West Africa and its relation to ENSO, First International Workshop on Advances In Observations, Models And Measurement Techniques Of Atmospheric Water Vapor Isotopes, Paris.
82. 2012 Dec., Y. Satoh, K. Yoshimura, YN. Pokhrel, S. Koirala, A. Okazaki, H. Kim, T. Oki, Impact of Climate Change on drought with terrestrial hydrologic simulation considering anthropogenic factors, H41B-1177, AGU Fall Meeting 2012, San Francisco, US.
83. 2012 May., A. Okazaki, K. Yoshimura, N. Takeuchi, K. Fujita, V. Aizen, and T. Oki, Numerical simulation of isotopic ratio in snow using an offline model, JpGU2012-ACC31-P05, Makuhari, Japan.
84. 2012 Apr., A. Okazaki, K. Yoshimura, N. Takeuchi, K. Fujita, V. Aizen, and T. Oki, Simulation of vertical profiles of stable water isotopes in a snow pit using a new offline isotopic snow-icecore model, EGU2012-8220, Vienna.
85. 2011 Jan., A. Okazaki, T. Nitta, D. Yamazaki, K. Yoshimura, M. Watanabe, M. Kimoto, and T. Oki, Estimation of flood risk change under global warming using the latest CGCM and discharge probability index, JSPS international Forum "Climate Change in Monsoon Asia (CCMA)", Bangkok.

